The Biased show ever, this season, season 13is thoroughly biased, they only promoted Shehnaaz Gill who is hell irritating and completely fake, she should be evicted from the house earlier, but she was kept as she was paidlowest of all for being inside house...whathas she done? She has done nothing but bitching against Paras Chhabra & making everything complicated Sidharth Shukla, her brothertoo, when he came as guest he kept on talking ill against Paras, she just ruined the show completely.
Others may not agree with me but it is indeed the best season of Bigg Boss and its better than Bigg Boss 11 .
This season of this reality show was amazing as there were two new love stories formed during the show and a very good friendship of sidnaaz . Everyone wanted to see the show just because of sidnaaz.
Sidharth was not deserving we dn't want to watch bigg boss from nxt tym really dissapointing decision .....asim is real winner for public...
Waste of time. Because they happy to any people's but joining to only for money. And big boss like to only on Salman khan
Big boss 13 is totally biased and fake. Its follow its own rule. Its fastly moving to promote sid shukla as winner. Sehnaaz sid ke love me pagal hai apna uska koi game nahi hai. Sid mind game khel raha hai. Mahira paras ke ishaaro par kaam kar rahi hai. Participants ko voting ke basis par eliminate nahi kiya ja raha hai use apne biased task ke basis par eliminate kiya ja raha hai. Paras , aarti ko kam vote ke bawjood 19 th week me jane ka mauka diya ja raha hai. National tv par sab dekh rahe hai show ki reliability sab ke saamne aa rahi hai. Shefali ko show se bahar hone ke bawjood aur cleaver vikas gupta ko sid n paras ko help karne ke liye laya gaya. Its totally bakwaas show hai.
I still love it....but Its not big boss fun like long time earlier now..... english allowed (bigboss chahte hai ki surf hindi me baat kare ) vo factor khatam....nominations discussion allowed.(nominations discuss naa kare )..felling like watching mtv roadies...
Bigg boss 13 totally fake.
nonsense and disgusting plz jst be fair, rashmi and azim was right and they had rights to question... bigg boss is having one gunda
I think totally scripted and they only support Siddharth Shukla.Siddharth is not good at all. I think clear winner is Sidharth so we don't need to wait for finale.
Bigg boss season 13 show is really bad. It’s disgusting, has so much negativity, all the contestants are so disrespectful and rude as hell. None of them should honestly deserve to win. Really disappointed in the season.
@Bigg boss 13 has a lot of negativity, the person who is watching it also gets tat negative influence , anger and frustration as people look upto these stars. Not a good show to watch with family whn u also have kids watching it .the only good thing is SALMAN KHAN .#@ BIGG BOSS A NEGATIVE SHOW WHICH HAS ONLY FIGHTS AND NOTHING ELSE ?
I watched nealy all the episodes of big boss .die hard fan of Salman.This season too much of fights and disgusting ;gestures were not entertaining by a good looking girl like Mahira she is not even an entertainer getting on everyone's nerves.she and paras should leave now.
Sidharth Shukla and Asim Riaz are two contestants who stayed through thick and thin during the initial days inside the Bigg Boss 13 house. However, irked by Sidharth's closeness towards Shehnaz Gill, Asim parted ways from him and made an alliance with Rashami Desai. He has always opposed Sidharth and the two often indulge in fights, wherein, they lose their calm and make many derogatory and bizarre comments at each other. Khatron Ke Khiladi host and filmmaker Rohit Shetty was especially sent inside the house to make peace between the two.
Its a very well entertainment show but some how in bb13 creators cannot control the situations or everything may be scripted.
Maharia poke a lot everyone has no designation in her bigboss without paras..Siddharth does a lot of messing with Shehnaz she does so much but Siddharth cheats shehnaz every time..Whatever Siddharth is today is only due to the entertainment of Shehnaz..I hate maharia worst hai ye
Rashmi, arti, shefali, mahira... I hate this women's..... Bhau had given the perfect titles to everyone... Arti takes footage in every fights... Such a baseless fights are happening just to attract audience. Shehnaz is goodentertainer and where as asim takes good stand. And yes mahira sharma is worst
Asim is one participant who doesn't deserved to be on the show . He is not setting a good example for the young generation . He Poked, Irritate, Over - confident person and doesn't show one percent of respect to others . Very self centric person and all of his actions are not of a normal persons, He looks like a wild animals ., He is a robot, no emotions towards any being .
I love it how they act I am mad behind it is so good but the. Adds are very long time and it should be of three hours and not 1 and a half next year I wanna see it for 3 hours
Saw some promos on social media. I think Paras has come up very well in Big Boss through the right struggle path. The way Salman is talking to him shows he is just bullying the young contestants. Salman should not stoop down and fight for people like Akansha and lower his stature. Paras is a great guy and Salman should support this chap rather rebuke him and let h
Very very bad program, extreme bad language, abusing others' parents, Sidharth the bully, all repeatedly helping sidharth who is a stupid person, fighting with everyone, program guys also helping stupid sidharth11
It is one of the favourite show of my life me and my family sees daily salman khan is best hoster for big boss I think so and this also very funny
I have started following Bigg Boss recently for the first time. Though I stay in Australia, I make sure that I am updated with the current scenarios. I like this because of Salman only, he is truly a nice guy. It's unfortunate because he is a nice person, he can't see Siddharth Shukla(SS) through. This person(SS) needs to go. It breaks my heart the way he speaks to his co-contestants(not only women). We are told that he is sick but he has the stamina to fight for straight 8-10 hours and can bring anyone in his whirlpool of abuses. I am amazed by other female contestants who are on his side, especially Arti. Rashmi, you cry a lot but I can understand being a woman, you are kept in a pressure cooker(Bigg Boss house) of emotions with a person you don't like. I Love love love Sana, she is so cute. I think she will be the winner. My request to Colors and Salman is to put Sidharth on the check. He is a good actor better than Salman as no one can see the dark side of him. He is not a person one should follow.
Others may not agree with me but it is indeed the best season of Bigg Boss and its better than Bigg Boss 11 .
Idiots @BB13.. needs to be unbiased..even the host salman khan...bunch of Hippocrates...stop glorifying ur know celebs and their violence..stop giving them special privileges like secret room., ??
Number.1 leading reality show.lots of entertainment and timepass.show on bollywood's star : Salman khan.seems very interesting show
Every week why special treatment for shukla and Paras, they spread bad environment and bigg boss support them. Asim playing fair game and he not getting Captancy because house is one sided towars shukla and paras, very bad game both are playing, and why Mahira still in the show don't know. This season very bad, heating this season, it's irritating.
Are Siddhartha and paras are so indispensable. Why such royal treatment in secret room with power to humiliate specific participants. Why can't you give the bigg boss trophy to the 2 fellows and close the show. Wastage of public time, very unfair and biased treatment
I have stopped seeing Big Boss 13 when realised there are no values our audience voting, Colors is playing own game on what they want by keeping safeguard to Bin Tuglog type people Paras.Please keep the game fair to all contestant not to support Sukla and Paras from Colors itself.
Colors should change the name to Big Boss with Sid- Paras. Really sad to see that these guys are being treated as some special guest. They have power whom to nominate, whom to save and whom to make captain. Very unfair with rest of the contestants.I am definitely stop watching this season now.
It is pathetic to see two sadists Shukla and Paras together in secret room abusing contestants, making fun and insulting the women inside the house. Both are sick the way they utter 'tu' , Sala, Sali words for contestants disgusting. Why can't big boss give them a shut up call when they pass derogatory remarks . They are being treated like damaads.Sana and Mahira are another two chosen one else how can Mahira who is equally abusive as Paras reach the top four? This season is completely biased show waste of viewers time.
I like this show very much but one thing I hate that they get too personal and they start fighting and that's not good cause kids also watch them they get a bad impression that's it.
Rashmi is a real villian even in big boss house. Its so cheap of her to save her eggs n not allow someone else to eat the same. She is absolutely an irritating character in that house n should be out this week. Its really very annoying seeing her back in big boss. She cannot take criticism. Asim need to.learn the true meaning of a friendship..he is the biggest backstaber and i literally wish such useless contestants should just not win.
I have been watching the bigg boss show since my childhood and I really enjoy it. The most pleasant thing about is our Salman Khan bhai . He is the reason why I love the show. Although the show is full of fights and cold wars but in real many contestants love and care for each other.
I think it is the best reality show on TV ever, Because of Big Boss we know how celebrities live their life and what is their nature in off-screen and many things more about them. Their are some joyfull and entertainment in show and some nasty fights between contestants but I enjoy really watching Big Boss
This show teaches a lot about life .In this every player is kept in house to fight and win for the price .they became friends enemies.and form many relations with each other .the person with the highest votes wins
I have started watching big boss season 13 from ghe middle but uptil now it’s just fights and no entertainment. Siddharth Shukla sucks with his down graded arguements , shehnaz is pathetic absolutely mad female and the most untrustworthy female , paras and mahira are super paltu but they r playing games using their brains . Uptil now the one I felt who is playing sound game is Shefali and paras is playing using his brains . Rest this season is all about just fights and zero entertainment . Rashmi , devo , khesari , Siddharth , Asim , shehnaz , bhau and Himashi , mahira and arti all these don’t deserve to be in the game 
Hello I m from punjab I love to watch bigg boss . Now this show iss vry . Intresting day by day I love to watch this show but thie time was vry late . So plz cooprate and change da timing
It is nice I seen in my daily life I liked it very much by seeing this show we know how our celebrities live in daily and interact with normal people by this show we know about there behavior more and there nature behind the tv life as they are in real life in this show many tasks are performed that show there unity with other people it is a great entertainment show. it is hosted by the famous celebrity salman khan who is best host I ever seen it is the highest trp show ever of the tv many celebrities come there to support the participants and enjoy with them it is a best show of the tv show
My favorite show Because I think by seeing this normal people Knows how their favorite stars live their daily life In this season entry of Hindustani bhau and khesarilal makes this season even more interesting Salman seems better as he always seems
So I want to tell you about my favourite show big boss and my lovely host of that show one and only salman khan the sultan of bollywood.
The big boss 13 show on colours are most watchable show in india. This is most funny, dramatic, emotinal and exited show in our india. The acting of senaz in big boss is most funny and cute part in the show. Tha senaz abd Siddhartha camistary was awesome that was great to watch . And the acting and anchor or the show one and only "salmaan khan"
I think that Big Boss season 13 was the best season till date. I never used to watch Big Boss before so much but this time I have watched one episode of Big Boss very carefully and I liked it very much. This time, whoever the candidates came to the Big Boss house, there was some very good quality inside them, which used to entertain the viewer a lot, I think this time the right candidate's selection has been done, they were all very good. This time as we all saw that Siddharth Shukla won the show and I liked that Siddharth Shukla won where Sehnaaz or Asim both looked tough and it seemed that they would be tough but Siddharth Shukla has created a different identity in him and people have liked him a lot and he has been the reason that he has become the winner of this season, I had a great sleep. I believe that C must be thinking that they are likewise found to be stayed and the best of the show to see us Entertainment
I love to watch bigg boss season 13 every day but this is scripted show which I don't like at all.this show makes a lot of difference between asim and siddharth.asim does so much thing but he us not shown on television on the other hand siddharth does nothing, stays with sanna all day and is shown tobe unless.salman also make the difference between asim and siddharth, if siddharth makes a mistake, he doesnot speak anything
I would say that the last 5 to 6 seasons got boring and with same masala of fights which was much frustrating for viewers but this season came back with a bang like first half of the show with fewer contestants. And after that new contestants came. I must say every contestant has given something entertaining and that actually viewers loved it. It is now the mist watched show of television and with the highest TRP. This season according to me is the most addicting and entertaining.
Salman Khan sometime gives the right decision..But in maximum cases He is taking side of Siddharth Shukla. If someone doing any mistakes it should neutral. Everyone can see what is happening.
Big Boss 13 is one of most popular show. It's TRP is increasing day by day. Bigboss 13 have every element which people likes and this time contestants makes it special. Watching many celebrities and different personalities in single house is a concept which creates excitement amongst viewers. In Bigg Boss house every contestant have their respective journey & unique way of living. People love to watch how contestant survive in the house and wins trophy. Bigg Boss 13 have many contestant like Siddharth Shukla, Rashmi Desai, Shehnaz Gill etc which are true entertainers. The most important thing about Big Boss is that it is a reality show. There are many things which people can learn from Bigg Boss for example how to control anger, how to survive, how to win task and many more. So people support their respective contestants and support them. Involvement of people makes it the successful season in the history of big boss. So you can watch it., it will not disappoint you.
Madhurima doesn't deserve to be a part of Big Boss, she shows very much anger and violent behaviour in the shows, which effects others peoples who is watching the shows, please please please throw out these type of people from the show
Big boss is my favourite tv serieal and I watched for before 13 years in this years shehnaaz gill will win the bigg boss 13 she is a great actress
I loved this show from the very bottom of my heart. But the way shehnaz has been treated , this is the worst show. Paras and mahira are the worst characters and should be thrown out of the show. Whatever mahira is , it’s just coz of Paras. Please big boss through out Paras and mahira from the show.