In mtv roadies, this is the programme for youngster only. In this programme the activities done or perform by the contestants are very aggressive or bold. They done tasks with so much aggressively or use so much bold or abusive language to highlighted them in the television. That no elder can watch it anymore. So these programmes only watched by young generation people. In the roadies, they do so much task to perform it. In this the youngster are mad to watch and perform task in real life without any precautions by doing because in the programme they do activities in under the supervision by experts but in real life they do stunts same like as they watched and without safety measures. so youngsters can not follow the same.
These are all just show. Not even a spec of reality is evident. It's all just Balda*s Raghu's Show off. In the Audition, he adds some of the pre-scripted characters among the candidates just to show his stance in the current affairs (that he is pretty "tough" about it). And you know what?
No matter who you are you can't please everyone.. There can't be anything in this world that will be liked by everyone! Like that MTV is not for everyone.. Their shows get extreme responses.. Either you hate them or love them!
The use of Foul language in media, misuse of media for their over their TRP purpose and misuse of Authority.  But these all bring out interesting things and eventually bringing out more audiences and henceforth "Increasing their Rating" and enhancing their Business. But my question is, is this the way to do a business by hurting others Feeling!
Basically, they try to bring the hidden talent within a person such as the truth, the lies, the confidentiality, the love, the hate, the action and the reaction.  And the person who actually suits all these without any bias wins the race, or atleast the primary line "Auditions".
I cant understand what sort of program mtv  telecasts.The other day I watched roadies on this very channel I watched it for an hour I guess intially I thought it will be a awsmm program anf I was expecting lots of energetic acts and much more but to utter suspense this program isnt worth watching .
It majorily consists of vulgar acts and the language used is too cheap and so abusing I felt guilty when participants were abusing each others mother sister and bla bla .Morever more than dare acts it was the mean tuffles that formed the core of that particular episode.There was no extra ordinary dares oe acts other than female folk crossing all the decency limits.Provocation and abusing each other is appreciated in this program
MTV Roadies is show for youths. It's is running from last 14 years. Since from last 10 years the judges were raghu ram, Rajiv and ranvijay. They was the life of the show specially raghu was the one who was really eye catching judge coz of his style and abusive language and ranvijay is the heartthrob between young girls. But after completing the roadies X the judges panel is changed as raghu and Rajiv has quit the show but the popularity is not at all become low the energy and enthusiasm between youth is same as earlier. This is the best and short platform to have fame. A Must watch show.
Most idiotic TV show ever, which involves wannabe roadies. Judges abuse contestants to get more TRP. Tasks are good sometimes.
Girls do catfights. Conversations are kind of scripted. Watching this show gets me headache.
Its a show basically for teenager who wants to gain popularity and become famous. The initial seasons were very good but roadies in it 14th season look tired. Last season decision of making gangs and removing Raghu and Rajiv out of the show, didn’t seems to hold the attention. I was a fan of roadies and used to watch the show for Raghu and Rajiv.With Raghu and Rajiv gone the show as become boring. The audition have become boring and the tasks aren't thrilling enough. The show is blank without Raghu and Rajiv. They both should come back because they are the best.
Well this show is a bunch of Abusive language shared by those two judges Raghu and Rajiv. This show is only for Adults because children was not supposed to watch because of their abusive language using during the show on most of the occasion.
Roadies is a show by MTV where there are 15 members compete each other to become Roadies. In this show there is a panel of judges who select the people via group discussion followed by personal interview. The main judges are Rajiv and Raghu and his second season winner Ranvijay. They asked many  questions related to the candidate's past, present and future and if they think that this candidate fits in the show then they select those candidates and tell them to  perform each and every task till they become the Roadie.
Roadies auditions are insulting and offensive. People are asked to do do crazy stuff to prove why they'd like to be a part of the most stupid show ever. Don't even think of watching the show with family. I wonder why this show is so popular and not banned. AIB was recent and it received tremendous negative criticism from the government. They were even asked to remove the AIB videos from everywhere. MTV Roadies is way more sleazy and useless, but why is it still broadcasted on Indian Television still remains a question.
This is one of the worst TV shows ever, where rowdy people audition in front of the rowdy and filthy twins - Raghu and Rajiv. The auditions are meaningless, and I think people who have assumed that they will never find a decent job in their life want to be a part of this show.
Roadies auditions are insulting and offensive. People are asked to do do crazy stuff to prove why they'd like to be a part of the most stupid show ever. Don't even think of watching the show with family. I wonder why this show is so popular and not banned. AIB was recent and it received tremendous negative criticism from the government. They were even asked to remove the AIB videos from everywhere. MTV Roadies is way more sleazy and useless, but why is it still broadcasted on Indian Television still remains a question.
All I want to tell is that this time the show roadies just degrade its hell down image, its strength, not at all up to that mark that it used to be. Its more like a comedy show than a hardcore. All Roadies just SUCKS!! Raghu socho! ye Kaise Roadies ko select kiya hai. they're just a bunch of loose bullies
I think this show MTV roadies sucks.. its a shameful show to Indian culture.I have watched the show for like 7 episodes and I got frustrated.
Its very sad that young and educated people like them going for fame and money by killing the culture. I shame on you guys who are in Roadies..
I just can't tolerate myself to watch a stupid show like this. Please all if you are a true Indian and believe in some culture , then please don't watch it.. its su*ks.. its a shame ya
Roadies was a genuine adventure reality show in its early versions. In its later versions, it's being manipulated and moulded by Raghu Ram - the producer of the show that it is slowly losing the spirit of an adventure game. I think the success of it’s earlier versions has gone to the head of Raghu Ram.
The way Raghu shouts and barks at the contestants is becoming more and more distasteful. The show hints at the biasing in a particular contestant’s favour. For e.g., The decision of returning of Nauman through wild card entry just after his vote out.
This show started off very well in its initial versions like a truly entertaining adventure style game with genuine unpredictability and it was firmly following some guided base which unfortunately is not the case. All this has happened after Raghu was promoted in MTV channel. In short, Raghu is ruining the spirit of the game and altogether it will become a boring and unpleasant stuff in future. MTV Channel owner - Remove Raghu from the Roadies and save this show. Rannvijay and Bumby will make it more genuine and interesting.
I was big Fan of roadies and watched all the series & still watching it. But this time it is bad as if compare it to all former series.Most of the time they are testing the digestive system of roadies - once to control the flow from down and then from up eeh , puky feelings are still coming while writing.
As I thought Rodies is the mind and power game but this time it is mostly testing all natural flow of the body which do not have any relation with mind and power. It comes so naturally. And Raghu ka vo pakau style. He is showing the same style in "Sitaron ko choona hai" on Real channel. Guys watch it and tell me is it okay to show that behavior in that reality show also.
I was a fan of roadies. I used to follow every episode of this show. But Guys the HARDCORE became a comedy drama.
I think nowadays it has become a common thing for average indian to appear on tv and earn few bucks with reality shows virtually appearing on every channel you can find and mtv too has a reality show mtv roadies which has run into its third installment which is hosted by former roadies participant rannvijay.the show believe me is an wholesome entertainment package and quite different from other shows on air though it cant be denied it is inspired by survivor and other american shows.
I have always been an ardent critic of this show.if ragging is getting banned in colleges so should this show.it is a blemish on Indian audiences choice of viewing and a dictionary of slangs.it needs to be done away with
Worst nothing like to see.onlt abused show by every judge.its not for children.its only for 18+.many people used to very good abuses
Mtv ROADIES is a reality show it is dream of the to be a roadie and win the show under guidance of the host Ranvijay and gang leaders- Prince Narula, Rafftar, Neha Dhupia, Nikhil chinappa and the new gang leader Sandeep. To win the show you had to perform tasks and win them tue gang who wins the task will be safe but the other gangs has to go through vote out and the roadie who got the highest number of votes has to leave the journey.
I love Rodies because all judges are very talented and very intelligent because. They're know who are people how? So I love this show and all judges Neha mam, Ranvijay sir, prince sir, and raftar sir, They're most entertaining luv it. This show provide platform for many peoples who want to do something
This is my favourite show and I like this show very much I am very fond of this show the celebrity are very good and this show gives opportunity youth and give the right platforms and the judges are very good and this is very entertaining and the concept of this show is very interesting and the youth is performed very well
It is really good show, I recommend it all, who want to see a worrier. they find a worrier from all over India. They divide into four gang, I like prince's gang whose sign is a green flag. In between all gang, a task is given and a contestent from each gang has to perform that task the winner make their gang a ruling gang and not get eliminated for a week and in finals whichever two gangs left, the winner comes across for them, get's a brand new renault duster(which is their sponser). The winner also get's a fame even, I also want to see myself on this show. All the gang leaders are best in class and you will also get motivated by this fabulous show.
It is such a nice show I used to see it daily and the main part about it was I didn't get bored and specially I like task that are preform in it and I love ranvijaya he is soo cute and this time roadies rising was beyond any limit the task was not so simple as it looks instead of that the task was so difficult and the roadies put their whole engry to win the task and to state in roadies rising journey and the gang members was putting their whole affect so that their gang can state for a longer time and their is a perfect unity between ranvijaya gang
Now a days each and every kid wants to become a roadies .
People are really crazy for this show .
Everyone likes this show .
This show has got lots of fan following .
Also anyone who comes in this show automatically gets famous .
This is the platform in India where youth and any one can show what they are and can proof themselves .
This is the show in which people needs to complete the given tasks and win the name , fame , money .
I feel very confused when I first saw the mtv rodies, they were doing some extra ordinary work.  The hard part is listening to the abusing part, even when they beep the words, it is totally understandable.  I got the feeling of totally scripted stuff.  All they were doing is, what you can do and what I think, you can do.
I think roadies is the only platform to earn respect. This reality show can totally change your life. If you are passionate in your life. If you want to live an extra ordinary life. If you want to expirience something different. Just start prepareing your self for MTV Roadies.
first I felt bored about this chanel but later on I watched it one time then from that I got interested so from dat day I stared watching it. This show is for kids as well as family .not only this for watching but we can join dat also .Every year there will be audition in dat but we should be physically fit and honesty in nature .this is for booth girls as well as boys .
Hlo every today I m going to review on your fav reality ( scripted) show roadies.fst of all this is a scripted show.judges excluding ranvijay all crew members nd judges r fake nd they follow the hypocrisy.all selected contestnts r their relatives.totally fake show .they support hindi.but the whole form is in english.even they r not a good entertainer.nd abuse the contestnt that they r not intresting n all.dont know y follish peoples of india watch this fake show.
10 or 12 years ago mtv has started a campaig which still goes on in the form of roadies.stared by raghu and rajeev as I said they show a pathway actually a better way to think about anything in life.later joined by ranvijay and now ranvijay , prince, karan and neha mam following the same path shown by raghu and rajeev.when I talk about myself and when I compare myself before and after watching the show its a huge difference between that.this show has changed my perception to look at or to think about any girl.it teaches me how to takle different difficult situation and to take that with ease.so overall a must watch show specially for youth.
Roadies is excellent . To beome a roadii, . we have to work very hard. Because from this serial we can enter into a bollywood. It is very tough competition, so here we have to do a lots of stunt and task which judges say.
I like this show very much.From starting raghu and Rajiv were judges and then after won ranvijay also add in this show as judge.this roadies show gave huge name and fame to ranvijay and every winner.but this show journey is very hard to win.its not easy to win .but it's a great platform to take name and fame.so I want to say who want to get name and fame in few months u should participant in this show.
In mtv roadies, this is the programme for youngster only. In this programme the activities done or perform by the contestants are very aggressive or bold. They done tasks with so much aggressively or use so much bold or abusive language to highlighted them in the television. That no elder can watch it anymore. So these programmes only watched by young generation people. In the roadies, they do so much task to perform it. In this the youngster are mad to watch and perform task in real life without any precautions by doing because in the programme they do activities in under the supervision by experts but in real life they do stunts same like as they watched and without safety measures. so youngsters can not follow the same.
According to me tgis is the best ahow on mtv.  People like this show very much even I am a great fan of this show.  My favourite winners of roadies are Ranvijay singha and prince narula. Prince narula is also favourite because he also belongs to punjabi culture.

