HI folks splits villa is all about game,game of love its a nice tv reality show by mtv india .but there are many Controversies in this show as well some says its all scripted and winners are decided previously so what I say is may be it is fake show but as far as entertainment is concerned its a awesome to watch. I love it and I recommend it to all of you watch it for entertainment and the show is hosted by Rannvijay Singh and Sunny Leone my personal favorites
A great show for youngsters.I watched many seasons of this show.The current running season is 9.I watch it from season 2nd season.After this I watch Season 5 that was just amazing in which paras wins and become the ultimate king of the show.
Splitsvilla is another rubbish show on the name of reality show from Mtv.i watched few episode when it was started and I got the point that it is fixed and have very bad plot.in the show 1 couple together perform a task and try to survive till end and then win in the final task.not a single task was interesting.
I dont watch it on tv but I started watching splitsvilla in you from 12 days. I am waching all old episodes in youtube. Saw many seasons but like splitsvilla 2. When the contestants are sid, jaoena, rahul, param etc. I liked this episose very very very nice and best comparing to other season. I dont like the competiter sakshi and sid. I liked the all tasks that the got to peformed. I liked when they beged for the voted. And the last was love between rahul and nalini, param and sikha both couples are awsome Thank you
Splitsvilla is a show that comes in Mtv channel .I really like this show as it is a reality show .But I cannot watch it in front of my family .Recent session 9 was very interesting . I really like Varun and Martina . But I just hate Miya . I didnot understand why she is called in every session .I fell the person who donot look good should atleast talk good . But she is an exceptinest . She is a brainless bimbo .I just request you not to call her in next session . If she is called I m not goona see it.
Splitsvilla was a good show. entertaining .I didn't missed a single episode.love this show.! Especially splitsvilla season 7. The participants were so cool specially Priyanka and Ayaz. My favourite couples. And obviously the tasks . Amazing it was. And also challenging. But now this show has come to an end. I wish if I could watch more episodes. But it's ok . I loved that show. It was entertaining and young generation show. But now it has came to an end
Splitsvilla 9 is pretty clear they gonna save varun and gurmeet. That's all what ever happens. Twists and turns are good, but it is expected in dumping ground what ever happens finally roadies x4 boys will be saved.
The splitsvilla season 9 is an amazing show it showed on MTV the contestant of splitsvilla are cool .the way the game change is cool . the players have strategy to play game .to dumps people neede . the entertainment which this showd gives is fabulous . Ranvijay & sunny leone is performing as an judge dont forget to watch this shlow . lets see who wins
Splitsvilla has undergone degradation, this season has elements which are quite obscene, the tasks have been vulgarised unnecessarily, from making boys lick the girls bodies in order to "collect corn", to making girls strip each other's clothing off in front of boys. Moderate decency should be maintained, irrespective of what the show is based on.
This is the best reality show. I love this show very much. And I watch every episode of this show. I am a very big fan of ranvijay and sunny leone. Obviously 'The Book Of Fortune ' . This Makes everyone's heartbeat boost up. Yeaah lol. butt seriously Iove everyone in the splitsvilla and I'm very exited about what is yeat to come. ! So watch it. You definitely goin' to love this show. And what can I say about it.
Splitsvilla was very sexual and most vulgar program in TV. this shoe based on American show but in India no culture match between India and America. In this show boys and girls were lived together and play some games.In Last episode the porn star Sunny Leonie was participate in the spilsvilla. For the show's TRP they done some vulgar and sexual game on it. Couple in the program were not married therefor they lived together.
In the show they bring in about 10 boys and girls and make them stay together in huge villas of Goa, Kerala or Rajasthan. The girls and boys are on the show to find their true love. Love is not some toy that can be lost and found. Neither its a gift that can be won by competing. This show is a portrayal of all the struggling actors and actresses who just come in the show for fame.
"Splitsvilla" the biggest stupid show I have ever seen on MTV. The show is basically about who survive in villa n the winner will be get a show to host on MTV but it jus nonsense because the winner of splitsvilla has never got a whole show to host on MTV... besides the one who are not part of spiltsvilla but the other shows of MTV like Teen diva or roadies, have got the show.. I mean the winner of last season 1 who got the show jus last for a month I guess...n the show was a flop which was hosted by vishal....n now siddart the winner of season 2  hardly  gets 2 mins to talk...hahahaha wherelse the Roadies n teen diva contestantslike bani n riah who host a show ...jus rock.... so I would suggest you people that stop watching this stupid show....n would reuest MTV to stop further seasons odf spiltsvilla to come...
Wat they are doing in the show .making the new guys big star. They think we don't. So, dumping , cheating , penalty, king, queen much looks like a game show than a tv show. After that what they are doing? Choosing that selected people again starts a new show.i had seen in some of their program thy r even criticizing people about their job.
This was not expected from Viacom atleast. Some couples, dumping each other, then where is the romance expected when contestants are too busy in strategies rather than romance. Season 1 was far far better. Winning couple's chemistry from starting itself, then they slowly evicting out other was at least worth watching.
Well usually I dont prefer watching programmes on T.V apart from cricket but  here I m not gonna talk bout  cricket but I m gonna talk bout another game.a game between guys n gals.popularly known as splitsvilla.I have been watching this show from the very beginning n I enjoyed every single minute of it.
Hate to sound sexist, but Splitsvilla is a "dumb dames" show. Firstly, only the totally dumb or desperate chicks would like to be going tooth-and-nails over two strange guys who look like the cat-who-swallowed the canary.
Apparently mtv splittsvilla season 12 isn't about love and connections anymore. Its only about vulgarity, bad mouthing, shouting, using gutter language, even the contestants (not all of them) are vulgar, they aren't realising that families, children and many people watch the show, I am so disappointed with the show that I can say that it should be banned for future. Mtv should think about their show.
This show is really a great way to connect ourselves as a yoingster with the cast of it they just do the task given with comedy especially anshuman malhotra.This show means love with agression. They are just too cool and you can watch them and make your mind relaxed just fully stressfree. This show will make you feel motivated thank you.
I personaly dont like new concept of ideal matches in the season. Sunny and Ranvijay both are doing their job perfectly. But the matches should not be forced as each of them is bound to coupleup with the partner given by oracle and only can perform accordingly. Kabeer and anushka, Arushi handa and shagun are already ideal matches.Kabir and anushka are acouple but shagun and handa are just a madeup couple. Show is about chemistry but again in this season likewise the last modt contestant are not performing willingly as they are not particiapating with the people they want to. For me previous seasons were better
They call it a reality show - I don't know for what reasons. I have been following this show since season 1 and trust me it has gone down in quality of performance as well as entertainment. All the participants seem to gain attention only through fights and abusive language. No one seems to be competitive enough; all influenced by politics. Show something credible that proves that the stronger survives. They don't let go of some people just because they are abusing or giving the required TRP to the channel. Where has humanity gone? To fetch attention?
When I uses to see this show I love it but when I know this show is scripted which is most irritiating as in this show the love is real but when show is end they are no more together which is most irritiating. The show is totally fake and totally their love affection is fake which is worst.
Hey, I was hearing a lot about this show so I watched it. And I was enjoying the show much. Its quite boring show. Even not good to watch with family. And even if you watch alone still you feel embarrassing with this show. I dont understand why this show has made. There are many more adult activities done in this show and with different passion. This show dont let us to stay at a single place. This show doesn't make sense. The contestants fights like they have taught them to fight. This show has waste my time. And will waste yours too
When this show was started I used to watch it had some class during its inception but after few years it lost its way and lead to vulgarity and abusiveness.
the plot of the show is to find your partner among the opposite genders by performing numerous tasks but language of contestants and their mentors is really abusive and quality of the tasks are not even up to the mark.
However, the show is all about tasks and all that— a man and woman do things they are tasked for, from the mentors. The things they do on television is ridiculous, atleast for the old age people who had to turn up the channel instantly by watching those tasks performed by man and woman.
The splits villa show was seeing by only youngster and no elder or old ones and children can not watch this show because in this television all contestants are use abusive language and in their episode all contestant activity are such vulgar type and dress up like modern look but this shows only cheap. They all shows if we adopt western culture, we look so classy, elegant but its shows only against your culture. I have seen only because of the task that they perform it and I am a big fan of Ranvijay but his co-host ruins this show by her kind of overacting and her cheap behavior. This season is very boring and ranvijay is doing hosting well but sunny is ruining all his hosting. This season is also boring due to the boring contestants and one star is coming out from them that is varun just because his fellow contestants are more dump than him.In this varun sood and martina danse pair was look so nice and shows good compatibility as compared to another contestant that's why 
I watch this season otherwise this season is not rocking well. So yes I am not watching all the episodes as I saw all the episodes of the earlier seasons but now I can't see due to the inactive, boring, dump contestants this year. In this season mia lakira character was so funny and her voice is so loud and so childish behavior on losing task and gets so angry why? because it's just a game. No one can stay their position in task, its ups and down in every activity so they can't understand the game and also not live in their reality by occurring this type of behavior. So I an bored now with participating contestants that they can not do anything in their task. So this season is not good as last compare to last year season because last year prince narula was win the show of his doing task participant was so good and active nature in all task with all fellowones and host ranvijay and sunny leone.
Splits villa has been 1 of the entertaining show in Mtv .but it should not br considered as a reality show as it all looks so much scripted ever since it started .Splits vill shows what people wana see .break ups fights gaalies .litrely it shows gaalies .Mtv should look forword to do some good reality show and entertain us as compared to roadies .roadies looks better than splitsvilla really good job on that .Contestants for splits villa mostly taken from Roadies contestants .Really bad from Mtv should stop Splits villa
I have watched all the shows of splitsvilla in MTV I dont know why MTV is letting show kinds of shows in their channels which is fake the show is fully scripted every time the ex roadies vill be safe and every time if there is any issues going on instead of solving it ranvijay always pin points it and gives more important to make TRP for the show y the others are not safe varun was always in dumping zone and every time he is save book of fortune is always asked to open by ranvijay and not by the contestants I don't like this show its all fake just a game and girls who are contestant watch out your character will b in the bad pictures.Splitsvilla . I have heard about this show from my friends so decided to start follow it. In the every first shiw I got to know that its totally a fake and non sense show. Every task and all fights between the contestants are pre planned. They just want to show the nudity and vulgurness in a format of a reality show. 
I really didnt understand the concept of the shiw that what exactly they want to show the audience. All the contestants are abusing ooenly to each other. This show is nothing but a bunch if few good legs and good abs . TOTALLY NONSENSE
Splitsvilla is one the most fake show.
I recently started to watch it but find it too scripted and boring.
It seemed that every show is already planned.
All the participants seemed fake whom already know how play to make this show going.
The games the participants play seemed so indecent.
The participants keep on fighting on the show continiously without any genuine reason.
The dumping ground of splitsvilla only favour those who are famous.
This show is a waste of time.
There is nothing like reality in this show.
it far away from reality and everything is scripted and fake at every level!
Splitsvilla is a very good reality show with his house to buy Sunny Leone and Rannvijay in this show the people find their true love sometime entertains also I feel it very entertaining I have seen its all seasons and this time I think of Varun and Martina will win
The last season of splitsvilla was good in which prince narula was the face of splitsvilla . By his active participation he makes the show good. I like Ranvijay but his co-host ruins this show by her kind of overacting and her cheap behaviour. This season is very boring and ranvijay is doing hosting well but sunny is ruining all his hosting. This season is also boring due to the boring contestants and one star is coming out from them that is varun just because his fellow contestants are more dump than him. This show has a good concept and interesting , but this season is not rocking well. So yes I am not watching all the episodes as I saw all the episodes of the earlier seasons due to the inactive , boring , dump contestants this year.
This is the show that not seen with family members, Some much valgurite was shown, And many more .
I am watching Spiltsvilla for the last two seasons and this new season has been the worst one. The last season for me was a better show on every terms. The contestants were good looking and some of them were excellent in performing tasks. Unfortunately, this new season has been a disappointing one for me. The contestants and the script is a major letdown. Hosting of Ranvijay and Sunny Leone too is looking medicore and seems like both them acbit out of touch with the contestants. I think there will be new hosts next season.
The worst tv show ever. This show has been broadcasted on Mtv. Splitsvilla is much popular from the beginning. This I a reality show boys and girls gather here for competition and competition is about getting perfect match means life partner. Sometimes there are 8 girls and 8 boys and they are competitor of each other.
In this season is different that there are two queens in the villa. The good and evil queen has equal powers to save someone or dump someone. I like in this show is plot of queens that is not in other reality shows. Not only competitions are there but love connections are also because love connection is very important in this show without this it is difficult to win the show. In this season, contestants have trustful friendship also. One more interesting thing in this show is BOOK OF FORTUNE that changes the situation at any time. When this book is opened I am very curious that what is written in this book today and whose luck is changed. I am loving this show and I watched all the seasons of this show. I recommended this serial to watch it.!
MTV Splitsvilla, is an Indian television reality show that airs on MTV India. Splitsvilla is a one of its kind'hunt for love' show. its about many boys n six girls where all the boys get into fights to date the girls. I mean how desperate r the boys in the show if they want to beg the girls to date them?. all guys were fighting for the attention of the 6 girls n the girls were acting all high n mighty. n the girls dump the guys they dont like, three at a time sometime two or one n the grls cry like hell. its all about dating with the girls and impressing them to be in the show and not getting eliminated.
The serial was awesome .loved to watch it everyday . The serial shows what happen in the real life , How the people are selfish. It tells us how to manage the critical condition of life. Everyone should watch it .It was very interesting . And it is the entertainment program also.
Its a mere copy of roadies show everybody knows it. people watching this show are velleh and they should concentrate more on their own business. stop wasting time on fake shows. insted watch some video songs or movies which are true form of fiction and where we know that its just for entertaining purpose. splitsvilla has just gathered useless people for some useless show to do useless work. total bullshit.