The Kapil Sharma show is the best comedy show in India. The comedy timing of each member of this show is just awesome. We can watch this show with our family. Kapil is doing a fabulous job. He is entertaining us from past 10 to 12 years and now with this show. Every Saturday sunday we see new celeberities coming in show to promote their movies. Sunil grover( Dr. Mashoor Gulati) leaves the show but still I like this show because of Kapil. If you have any tension, stress just watch the show you will feel good because laughter is the best medicine.
Kapil sharma show it is good comedy show in this show the kapil sharma is the good comedy actor in this show great popular actor are coming to gust and it is good comedy show when you are sad look this show you can compaarsarly laughing when this is looking it also good for health because laughing is good for health I am the big fan of this show and it is popular all over the world and it has good review show all over the world like the show so I can see this at any stage in our house not only like me all family of my
Hello guys, today I write on a topic a daily program.this program name The Kapil sharma show.The kapil sharma show is a famous show.I watch daily the kapil sharma show . The kapil a superstar.the kapil sharma show I like.kapil has saided funny dialogue.A famous show.so , all charector are good acting. I watch daily but twenty eight days I do not watch the kapil sharma show because I go to home village.ths time I have not a smart phone.Anybody a time period a not a smartphone.so, a logic any body cannot watch a favourite program.I like this show . Very good acting.good quality in camera.good quality all chatector.
The kapil sharma show is the one of the most popular show of television and kapil sharma is a king of comedy and I really like this programe becuase Kapil sharma is very comedy and his jokes more comedy than him and one more person is very comedy and his name is sunil grover he os veru comedy person and if you like comedy programes then the kapil sharma show is the best programe
First of all kapil u r gift from god to have such great sense of humour.u spoke such catchy line that we forced to laugh out and characters u choose in ur program simply fantastic.personally I m big ban of dr mashoor too this guy is just amazing his face making and instant answers waoo.overall this show is great source of entertainment and my family is big fan of this show.
The Kapil Sharma Show is the No. 1 comedy show on indian television. As the show began on colors with the name Comedy Night with Kapil late due to some disputes it closed and restarted on Sony television. But the popularity of the show remains the same. People were getting bored when Comedy Night with Kapil Sharma was not airing. All the charactors of this show are marvellous. Everybody has the weird kind of sense of humour. And Sunil Grover what an artist he is. When he enters the situation changes. The energy of the show is always high but after entering Sunil Grover it goes high to very very very high. Overall a good saturday and sunday night entertainment show.
The kapil sharma show is the best stress buster programme in the television, I enjoy this show every weekend with my family and watch this in youtube too when ever iam free. All the character of this show specially Dr mashoor Gulati are awesome. Dr Gulati is my favourate character he is the backbone of the show no one can replace his presence. Kapil sharma has a very good sense of humour audience also given an equal chance to participate in the funny discussions. This show gives a moment of happiness every week, I forget all my tensions and enjoy this show very happily and I suggest every Indian to see the show, at least they can get some refreshment from all pressure which they have undergone the whole week. All famous personalities including sports persons, singers, actors etc made their presence in the show, I hope this show will be able to spread happiness to audience in the long run.
Hello guys, today I write on a topic a daily program.this program name The Kapil sharma show.The kapil sharma show is a famous show.I watch daily the kapil sharma show . The kapil a superstar.the kapil sharma show I like.kapil has saided funny dialogue.A famous show.so , all charector are good acting. I watch daily but twenty eight days I do not watch the kapil sharma show because I go to home village.ths time I have not a smart phone.Anybody a time period a not a smartphone.so, a logic any body cannot watch a favourite program.I like this show . Very good acting.good quality in camera.good quality all chatector.
The kapil sharma show is the one of the most popular show of television and kapil sharma is a king of comedy and I really like this programe becuase Kapil sharma is very comedy and his jokes more comedy than him and one more person is very comedy and his name is sunil grover he os veru comedy person and if you like comedy programes then the kapil sharma show is the best programe
First of all kapil u r gift from god to have such great sense of humour.u spoke such catchy line that we forced to laugh out and characters u choose in ur program simply fantastic.personally I m big ban of dr mashoor too this guy is just amazing his face making and instant answers waoo.overall this show is great source of entertainment and my family is big fan of this show.
The Kapil Sharma Show is the No. 1 comedy show on indian television. As the show began on colors with the name Comedy Night with Kapil late due to some disputes it closed and restarted on Sony television. But the popularity of the show remains the same. People were getting bored when Comedy Night with Kapil Sharma was not airing. All the charactors of this show are marvellous. Everybody has the weird kind of sense of humour. And Sunil Grover what an artist he is. When he enters the situation changes. The energy of the show is always high but after entering Sunil Grover it goes high to very very very high. Overall a good saturday and sunday night entertainment show.
The kapil sharma show is the best stress buster programme in the television, I enjoy this show every weekend with my family and watch this in youtube too when ever iam free. All the character of this show specially Dr mashoor Gulati are awesome. Dr Gulati is my favourate character he is the backbone of the show no one can replace his presence. Kapil sharma has a very good sense of humour audience also given an equal chance to participate in the funny discussions. This show gives a moment of happiness every week, I forget all my tensions and enjoy this show very happily and I suggest every Indian to see the show, at least they can get some refreshment from all pressure which they have undergone the whole week. All famous personalities including sports persons, singers, actors etc made their presence in the show, I hope this show will be able to spread happiness to audience in the long run.
This is the best comedy show in the world. Again after giving a hit show on colors channel he had done well on the sony tv also. This program is based on a life of a person named Kappu Sharma with his funny family members and neighbours. I specially like the acting of Sunil Grover as the doctor, Rinku Bhabhi and he has started to perform as Gutthi also. This program comes on Saturdays and sundays and no one wants to miss it. It was far ahead of all the comedy shows like Taarak Mehta Ka OOltah Chasmah and many others also . It is hitting the roofs of TRP.
It's just amazing . Kapil has been doing a fantastic job all the time. I love the way the dialogues has been made. They are so natural and sounds funny. Watching kapil and the character's of Sunil Grover have actually made me feel in love with the show. I enjoy the enthusiasm they perform with and make each Saturday and Sunday like a festive day. Dr. Gulati is my favourite charcter since he had been so genuine and realistic with his expressions . And I m the fan of kapil .This show have best show awery I watch kapil is best comedian that all episode have bast all comedy timeing is best all are the and kapil have look is best and dr masur gulati best hes her like best and all comedi seen is best both are good comedin that is best show she of comedy all kapil comedy time best look and dresh is tha best sidhu ji best sayar and all dresh nani have best is her look that show have all human have life that show watch and some time have all problm are go that show is have pojetiv energy 
The kapil Sharma show is the best comedy show at this time. Kapil Sharma is the best comedian at this time. I like the character most Dr. Gulati which act by sunil grover and the character of Nani act by ali asgar is also good. But the character of Rajesh Arora act by Kapil Sharma is the best character for me in the serial.The Shayari of Navjot shingh siddhu is very popular in this show The dilogue of Rajesh Arora that Siddhu Paji is got out of at (0) score in 1999 match V/s the ball of Wakar yunus I like most.
When I come to know that the new Kapil Sharma shows arrive I except a lot of things from the The Kapil sharma show but when I saw the 1st episode in delhi I get to know that all actors are same which we saw earlier in Comedy Nights with Kapil.All characterization are same near about  which we saw earlier. I expect something different concept of the show but hear also show is divided into two parts first comedy of the actor on the show and another part is the interview of the actor from a movie.I dont thing that its fulfilled expectation of people who expected something new of my liking. This show is new its laughfable but the same characteration of dadi , unmarrid bua its somehow boaring.  In the inauguration of show they introduced all the cast and srk come as a guest, its fine for 1st day but it need not fulfilled the presupposition for me.
I agree show was started good but day by day it's loosing comedy touch. They don't have their own scripts to perform and is totally rely on movie promotions and during show they don't do any comedy, lots of loose talk, very little humorous talk. Krishna, you please stop doing this Sapna Beauty Parlor - nonsense type of massage. I request to directors and producers change this concept. Don't insult viewers, it's ridiculous to watch their stupid participation. Kapil, hire good script writers, you do well when you do yourself as well as Guptaji.
Kapil Sharma show is a very entertaining show which can be enjoyed with family and friends .me and my family eagarily wait for Saturday and Sunday for this show.it is the only time when we forget all the tension , stress and just get lost in the world of laughter with Kapil Sharma show .this show should go on .
The Kapil Sharma show was much interesting when Sunil grover worked as mashoor gulati, but now I feel bore of this serial as Kapil can't do much comedy, he can only make fun of others but mashoor gulati used to make fun of himself and that was awesome, I used to watch the Kapil Sharma show all because of mashoor gulati, but now am not watching the show because of same style of boring comedy which Kapil does, worst thing about Kapil is he can't see his friends popularity, may be he is jealous of Sunil grover
The kapil sharma show is best for entertainment and also good for laughing those boys and girls dipressed about any kind of family problem and study problem and any kind of love matter so please watch and get back your smile and forget about your tension and because the kapil sharma best laughing entertainer so talking about my experince when I very dipressed about any kind of tension then I am watching kapil sharma show and trying to laugh about any joke and also I like actors and actress and telling about her/ his personal moment and also talking about her/his life achievment and I remember about my any kind of tansion and I forget and I enjoy the kapil sharama show nowadays sunil grover is left the kapil shrama show so I m not watching the kapil shrama show so please you have any kind of tension release and watching the kapil sharma show
This show is getting worst day by day and I mean and now his script writers are stealing punchline from standup comedians and then blaming them and only the character dr gulati was the one making people laugh but now as he is gone I dont think this show has anything left for the people to watch and there is no humour in the show they just talk nonsense to make people laugh but I dont know how come audience can laugh on such pj's
Very good show by the kapil sharma I like his show very much and he is going well even after fight with sunil grover. I watch his all episodes without missing any episode every weekend but his TRP get down little bit due to abscence of Sunil grover ( Mashoor Gulati) but he is good going and now no one feels abscence of sunil grover
Some months ago I love to watch this show but when Sunil Grover and Ali Asgar leave the show .It is becoming boring and I don't think that this show will make any comeback . Kapil Sharma's is also a very good comedian but his arrogancy will make the show to go off air and it will happen soon. Kapil has to appolozise to Sunil Grover and Ali Asgar . Kapil please bring Dr. Mushoor gulati back on the show as we know he is not a doctor he is an institution
The comedy night of kapil sharma show is best comedian show in today's life . I was seeing these show in beganing time . These show give me lot of happiness and converted to a awesome mood, that's give me a inspiration to walking to my life's pathway . Kapil is a good comedian, actor, singer, anchor etc. Not only kapil, his co-comedian also very good .like .sunil Grover , ali ajgar, sumona etc . Dr. Mashoor gulati is my favorite doctor . His talking , walking , acting is very well to give me smile
So hello friends . Kapil is so tallented but gulati also too good. Kapil is so funny man, when shahid and kangana ranauvat come on the kapil sharma show they so lagh , and dr gulati so cute I love him.and his perfomance. But kapil so bat ly insult sunil grover . This show running with dr gulati. But he is not comming so not intressting. But but but so peoples and fans of mashhur gulati the good news is mr gulati is come on with salman khan on tubelight's promotion.
Hey. Man.its a great laughter reality show in india and also other countries. The show streams on sony channel .The host of the show kapil sharma is a great comedian and the whole cast are also doing their best . especially Sunil grover who plays the role of doctor mashoor gulati in the show I am a big fan of his . But masoor gulati is not a part of this show now due to some misunderstanding between kapil and sunil so I am very sad.the show is getting millions of viewers in youtube and their channel also.recently the show complete its 100 apisodes.
This show is very good. My whole family like this show very much. As know every one is very busy in their work. But beause of this show at least they sit together and enjoy of this show and get tension free and feel relaxed all of their problems. By this show we can know about different different celebrities. This is a very good way to make people laugh in this busy world. At least this show gives them a moment of happiness to live life to to enjoy life. I wish you luck for your show and all the members. Good luck all the very best.
One of the best comedy show, I have seen sofaar somany programmes but it different and Kapil Sharma's spontainity is excellent mei iska badaa fan hunn, i'm big fan of him, recent bahubali get up is very awesome I laughed unstoppablly.each and every episode is a milestone , Alia butts show is also good, its the one and only show runs for such a long back .I hope its episodes will break bahubali collection records
On starting of kapil sharma show before 1 year the show was awesome becoz of dr. Gulati his acting, timing was superb the way of her dancing was amazing he is a real actor but after some issues happend between kapil and sunil groover he left the show and show was soo boring the chandu chai wala and nani also left the show becoz of mis behaviour of kapil sharma the show get good trp only becoz of sunil groover in every home in my home also when the time is 9pm on saturday and sunday the only channel is playing sony tv when sunil groover is present but after her lefting the show no one want to see this show and kon banega crorepati show is come on sony tv instead of kapil sharma show
The kapil sharma show is the most famous show in the indain television. It really was a fun to watch this show but nowadays it is getting boring day by day. Because of the same characters and same jokes repeating in the show its popularity is decreasing day by day . After the fight of kapil sharma and sunil grover( comedian in the show ) it is not as funny as it used to be
We all know comedy show name as kapil sharma show it will be telecasted in Sony channel on Saturday and Sunday night it has a huge fan following on TV screen Well saying laughter is a good medicine and we always say keep smiling because if someone is happy and always keep laugh no dease come to him and that man is great who make fun himself to make laugh the people the team of kapil is very admirable every saturday and sunday kapil bring some new to the people for laugh he never repeat his old show is also look new and in this show we laugh so much and the celebrities and popular people are been invited to this show and best time pass on weekends
The kapil shrma show is the show who every television has know . That show is stilll working on public demand but real fact public is nearly hate the show because of sunil grover as Dr. Mashoor gulati in show , Aali asgar as dadi and chandan prabhkar as chandu has left the show because of the airplane matter kapil has shouted on crew members of show because he is drunk and also kapil through shoe on sunil grover that's why these all three main lead members left the kapil show that's why the kapil shrma show has very less TRP according to others show.the public allways want the sunil grover , aali asgar , and chandan prabhkar, on that show every body hate why sunil, aali, and chandan left the show but show must need them and the show is still on but the ranking of show going down down and down.
I am also see the kapil sharma show.i really enjoyed this show.in this show many of characters like Kapil, dr.mashoor gulati, bumper, lottery, Chandu, Nani, baba, and more characters in this show. All the characters are make really very funny moments in the kapil sharma show. but last 1 month I am not see this show because Dr. Mashoor gulati ( Sunil grower) is leave the kapil sharma show and Ali asgar, Chandan are leave this show. So we wish Dr. Mashoor gulati come back and join the show. Thanks for reading
Hello how are you all.i am.very big fan of kapil sharma show.every time in you tube I like to see this show.i feel very funny to see this show.specialy when someone special guest come in show.kapil is very funny man always try to laugh to people.and I think this is the best show in the world.
The kapil sharma show is one of the best tv comedy show ever on Indian television history. The work done by the actors in the show is praise worthy as the show is now come up with inventing new talent like Dr. Sanket bhosale which is another great job done by the team. The starcast of the show has been doing mind blowing job.
Kapil sharma is world best comedian and I am big fan of him he is also best actor and I think I have no words he is multitalented man kapil sharma is only comedian in the world hemakes happy every people in the world
Too awsome guys.really having fun in this show.best comdey appeares here.totally mood refresh.bt at many time it look like overacting.and does forces for laughing.the act play in this show also great bt msg of the act must some senseable.bt all over its show is good bt make some improvment.headoff kapil
The kapil sharma show is best comady show in the world . I watch this show regularly kapil sharma is the one of the best comadyan in the world . When my mood is sad I watch The kapil sharma show then my mood instanly change to happy. I recomand to all plz watch this show . Im am sure you also like this show and you mood alos turn sad toh happy watch this show daily make the your life with full of happiness . This is the my favourite show and I like it very much. If u watch the show I am sure you also like this
It is the real mood booster in the present time. No matter how tensed or stressed you are, this shiw always brings something new for you to make you happy. Recently, somebody has stolen my phone and I was upset whole day and when I watched his show having ranveer singh as a guest, you won't belive I litterally forgot about the phone. As they say, Laugher is a great medicine. This show is the only show which makes this saying true . You will just forget about every tension, problem, miseries, etc while watching this show. This show will make you sleep peacefully after a week long hard work and make your weekend really exciting.
The Kapil Sharma show is a very nice commedy show on the television. As laughing is good for health is make laugh to all the family members. The main charecter Kapil was very stunning, and also the the other charecters also adding nice backgroud to it they all make us laugh. so every one can see this laughing show with the family for a good entertainment. The Audiance participation is good their quistions for celebraties and participation with them. all camera effects, right timing of entry of cohosts ansering to questions Every thing is perfect.
Kapil sharna sahow is the best show of indian television coz of not only kapil sharma its becoz of all entire member of the kapil sharma shows and specially sunil garover is an amazing acter serously the way he act its seem to be like a rising star of industries.
No matter the person is in which mood or situation but this show is gonna totally change their mood. The ultimate comedy show till now, the best comedy show ever I have seen. If uh dont know to laugh at all then I am gonna bet that uh will totally laugh not only while watching it but also after 2 to 3 hours.Believe me guys this show is going so smooth even without using non veg jokes. This show not only stops on comedy but also provides uh chance to take part in every activity and to ask any questions or to talk with your favourite actor/actress. THIS IS HIT.
Kapil sharma show is one of the sucessfully long running comedy show.when it was started I gained so much attention and love from people because it was new concept and tallent of comedy so it raised so much in indian tv industry but now a days by getting same again and again I get bored they put same punces and comedy all the character of this show repaeting themsleves feel me bore nd bore.the only attraction is the stars who come to pramote their films because of this show maintane its trp otherwise show has nothing to hold people now a days and it renamed KAPIL SHARMA WITH STARS.
One of the best time pass show of india.When I have nothing to do then I use to see this show.This is one of the best comedy show of india.I love the perfirmance of dr gulati and kapil very much.Bumper and raju also play their role in a good manner .After closing of its earlier show I didnt thought kapil will do any show like this .but this show had achieved lots of rewards than its earlier one.Due to this show only the trp rate of sony channel is increasing .so overall I would say its no. 1 I have ever seen
It is one of the best show I just love what kapil do he is jjust awsome if these show can change your mood no matter however sad , defeated , depressed you are he will make you laugh sunil grover as doctor gulati just nailed it no one can beat him in terms of acting he act so well he justify every chracter is it gutthi or doctor gulati or rinkubdevi he just nailed it
Watching the show that is celebrating 21 yrs of Sony TV as I type this. What a show. I have been watching this from Day one. It not only helps you laugh for an hour, it also makes you forget the worries in the world. I often download old episodes and watch it on my way back from office - best way to kill time and what joy watching it with others in the office cab. Kapil will lead a happy life as we are all wishing him so much!
Awesome show.it is one of my favourite show.each and every artist in this show do their best and are nice actors.the best part of this show is that it is a family show and in today's generation it's not just easy to maintain the level of comedy with one family contents.almost all other shows has atleast some contents which cannot be seen with family as every single member of the family feels uncomfortable.so this show must continue as long as possible because the different and new character we are watching has not yet has been done on any other show.best show ever.
The kapil sharma show is a best comedy show on television.every character of show is very nice and funny but dr mashoor gulati is very nice , he is my favourite on show.kapil is a great comedian and he is highly successful as compared to other comedian.i never miss any show and if missef this I watch on youtube
Kapil I am a biggest fan of your.I like your show very much.it is funny n family show.first thing that the act taken by all the actors are superb.the giving there best in the show.n all the Indians love Kapil very much.Kapil paji you are the greatest comedian I hv ever seen in my life.not only INDIA all world's people love your show n love it very much.the charecter of DR masur Gulati was superb. N full of fun.Kapil ji app Ko hamari or pure desh wasion ki dua hai ki app ka show bhut age Jaye or ap v.n the comedy show is superb.all the INDIAN must watch the show it is best best superb show.Kapil you are grate human.we all love u n your show.best show of the world
One of the best comedy show ever on television.The Kapil Sharma shows hosted by Kapil Sharma himself.Broadcasted by Sony TV the Hindi general entertainment channel.Always brings a big smile on volunteers face with his awesome comedy skills and supurb co-actors.Navjot Singh siddhu acts as a judge in the show, pleases everyone with his extraordinary personality.